[Mei] I knew it would be bad,
but I didn't think it would
be this bad.
No, it's fine. This sort of
interior design is normal
for a boy's room.
I think you'd better quit
while you're ahead.
Right! As his sister,
I can't let this go.
Time to clean!
[Tomoya] Wow, just like that,
it's already clean.
[Nagisa] That's amazing, Mei!
You're like a pro at this.
[Mei] I'm going to go ahead
and do the laundry, okay?
Oh, Dorm Mother, do you mind
if I use the washing machine
to do these clothes?
[Misae] Be my guest,
it's over here.
[Mei] Thanks, I appreciate it!
She's on top of things.
I hate to say it, but we
probably should keep
the truth from her,
shouldn't we?
[Tomoya] What truth?
[Nagisa] Well, you know...
The truth about how Sunohara is
madly in love with you, Okazaki.
Huh?
[thud]
I-I can't believe it.
Is that true?
My brother came out of the
closet and he already has
a boyfriend?
[Nagisa] No, it's not like that
at all! They aren't a couple!
It's actually totally one-sided!
Sunohara's for forcing
himself on Okazaki!
[gasp]
Oh no, I just told her
everything I was supposed
to keep secret, didn't I?!
Ooh... my heart.
But you know, I think love
can come in different forms
for different people.
I mean, in the end,
who are we to say that
one love is more right
or wrong than another?
[nervous laugh]
I'm floundering here, Okazaki!
You say something to too!
Oh no, this is way too much fun.
I'm just going to watch.
[sigh]
What am I going
to do with my brother?!
Please don't hold this against
him, he can't help it.
I know he's irresponsible
and full of flaws,
but despite all that,
he's still a good brother to me.
[Tomoya] Mei...
[Mei] Huh?
Can you be my little sister?
[Nagisa] Yeah, I know.
I'd give anything to have
a little sister like you, Mei.
Nagisa! Okazaki!
What are you doing in my room?!
Aah! No way!
[Youhei] You aren't turning
this into your love nest?
Oh no, that's not it at all!
Never mind our love nest,
you've got a visitor.
[Tomoya] And it just so happens
to be a cute, young girl who
loves you very much.
What?! Yahoo!
I'm Mei Sunohara, pleased
to make your acquaintance!
Gyah! Oof!
What the heck are
you doing here?!
I told you I was coming.
I called the other day.
[Youhei] You called me?
[Tomoya] Uh, I guess I've got
a lot of explaining to do, huh?
So in short, you've been
spreading lies and playing
tricks on everyone here.
One thing just led to another.
You're terrible! And here I was,
all stressed out because
I thought poor Sunohara was
suffering from unrequited love.
I went to a lot of trouble
to buy this, but I guess it
will go to waste now.
What do you think?
Do you want it?
Are you kidding?!
[Youhei] Nagisa,
you sure about this?
Yeah, I'm sure Mei
is no trouble at all,
and I'd love to spend some
more time with her.
I wish I could have her stay,
but even if she's your sister,
I can't have a girl sleeping
in the boys' dorm.
I think you should take
Furukawa up on her offer.
Yeah!
Thanks a lot, Nagisa.
I really appreciate it.
Please take good care of her.
[awe]
[door opening]
Hey guys, I'm home!
I'm here, too.
Oh, Okazaki, it's been
a while, hasn't it?
And who do we have here?
Uh, excuse me, you're very
pretty, ma'am.
It's sweet of you to say that.
You must be Nagisa's
older sister, right?
Actually, I'm her mom.
Ah! I'd never have guessed!
[Akio] What's up? Sounds like
you guys are having a party.
Please, Father and Mother,
I have an important favor
to ask.
Why are you being
so formal, huh?
You want me to tell you
the legend behind
the mysterious scar on your ass?
No, not even close!
But... do I really have
a scar like that?
[Akio] You really didn't know?
If you can't find it yourself,
I'd be happy to point
it out to you.
Gross, Dad!
You're such a pervert!
Scar or no scar, I'm way too old
to be showing you my butt!
You sure know the right buttons
to press with her, don't you?
Tch. Should've had a son
instead of a daughter.
If it's all right with you, Mom,
could you check for me?
I don't want Dad looking for me,
but you're okay.
Don't worry, Nagisa. It's fine.
You don't have any weird
scars on your butt, okay?
Ah!
Dad, you meanie,
you lied to me again!
Ha. This is just Daddy's way
of reaching out to his little
girl, that's all.
You guys are really close,
aren't you?
Cool, huh? This family has the
dumbest conversations in all
of Japan.
Oh, sorry about that, Mei!
I forgot to introduce you!
Um, right. This is Mei Sunohara.
Her big brother is one
of my classmates
and she's come from
out of town to visit him.
He lives at the dorms,
so can she stay with us?
I'm Mei Sunohara,
it's a pleasure to
make your acquaintance.
I'm Sanae, and of course we
would be more than happy
to have you, Mei.
Name's Akio. I'm the most
handsome man in all of Japan,
and quite possibly the world.
You two are such a great couple.
Sanae is really pretty and
Akio's so cool.
I should give you an allowance.
How does 100,000 yen
a week sound?
You don't have that
kind of money.
Youhei's going to play
in a basketball game?
That's right. He's working
really hard to help me start
up a Drama Club at school.
Wow, I'd love to see him play.
[Mei] If you don't mind, can
I stay here until the game?
I don't have a problem with it,
but what about school?
[Mei] It's okay. We're on
break before exams right now.
Well, you heard her. We have
to do our best for Mei's too,
right Okazaki?
Looks like I have no
choice but to play, now.
[Tomoya] Tomoyo!
Oh, hi, Okazaki.
The bell's about to ring,
you know.
If you're want to be Student
Council President,
you better not to be
late to class.
If I'm going to be late,
won't you be late, too?
Yeah, but I'm a delinquent,
so it's fine.
What kind of logic is that?
[school bell]
There's no way I'm going to
let us be late for class.
[Tomoya] Hey, hold on! L-Let go!
Don't tell me another
girl likes him now!
What? My sister wants
to come watch the game?
Now the pressure's really
on for us to win this thing.
After all, you can't let your
little sister find out how
lame you really are.
[groan]
[Tomoya] Nagisa's no good
at sports and I can't lift
my right arm to shoot.
We're gonna need
some powerful support.
[Youhei] Support?
Wait, you mean...?!
Okay!
[Youhei] Wha-?!
[Kyou] So, when's the game?
And if we win this thing,
do we really get Mr. Koumura
as an advisor?
The game's set for tomorrow
afternoon in the gym.
I made the Choir Club promise
to come watch, so at least that
end of the plan worked out.
The rest all depends on us.
Not too reassuring, is he?
Whatever, let's just give
it our best shot.
Youhei, could you go buy
me a strawberry milk?
Sure, you got it.
What am I? Your errand boy?
Remember, basketball's all
about working as a team.
The slaves need to- No, sorry!
I mean, the players need to
respect the team captain,
so that-
Whatever. Just get me
that milk, okay?
[growling]
And who made you the
team captain, huh?!
Sunohara...
Hold on, let me finish!
Both soccer and basketball
require teamwork.
How can a team operate under
this oppressive hierarchy?
I'll take a coffee
with milk, please.
Is our friendship
a hierarchy, too?!
Isn't it obvious?
Man, stupid hierarchies!
[Youhei] I hate you!
Tomoya, if you want me to play,
I've got a condition
for you, too.
[Tomoya] Like what?
[Kyou] Well, meet up with
me at lunchtime
and I'll tell you what it is.
[Kyou] Just wait for me
in the classroom, okay?
[Youhei] You're not going to
the club room for lunch today?
No, Kyou told me to wait in the
classroom for some reason.
[Youhei] Hmm.
Gyah!
What did you think I was dead?
We just weren't expecting you.
There's something that you
and I need to talk about.
I'm gonna join you
for lunch, okay?
I've been asking around and
everyone tells me you come
to class late all the time.
As a friend, I feel like
I can't ignore the problem.
[Tomoyo] Seniors should
be role models, you know.
You're setting a bad example.
What? This isn't about you.
Don't worry about me,
just go eat.
You little-!
See what happens when
my aim is off?
Don't jump at me like that.
Who do you think you are,
coming in here and
messing up our lunch?!
But I didn't do anything to you.
Then what do you call this?!
Look at them,
asking an underclassman
to come eat lunch in our room.
Give me a break.
I can't figure it out.
Which one do you think
she's going out with?
Don't get the wrong idea.
I have no interest at all
in someone like Sunohara.
Excuse me for being
someone like Sunohara.
Sunohara isn't the person
I came here to see.
It's Okazaki. I heard he
was always late to class,
so, I was going to scold him
about it. That's all.
[Kyou] Hold on!
What do you think you're doing
barging into someone
else's class?
I don't recall there being
a rule that says
you can't eat in other people's
classrooms during break.
That doesn't give you the right
to come in here and start
a ruckus.
[Kyou] You realize you're
causing us trouble, don't you?
Why are you getting
so mad at me?
Wait a sec! Are you just jealous
because you like Okazaki?
Wha-?! Ah- Come on, that's
ridiculous! Give me a break!
So, does that mean you're going
out with someone right now
or what?
No way! Why are you
asking me this?
I see, in that case, no one
should be jealous if they see
me eating lunch with you.
[Tomoyo] Makes sense, right?
Aah! Whatever! I get it!
The point is, I made plans with
him first! It's your fault, too!
I asked you to have lunch with
me today,
and you went out and bought
pastries! Come on,
we're leaving!
[Tomoya] I didn't know meeting
you at lunch meant you wanted
to eat together!
[Kyou] Well, it did!
I never got to finish
our conversation.
That's a real shame.
Wait a sec, are you doing
this because you're interested
in Okazaki?
No, that isn't what
I had in mind at all.
But, maybe... maybe that's it.
I guess that would explain
why I'm feeling this way
all of a sudden.
Hey, what's going on here?
[Kyou] You're always eating
lunch with Nagisa and Kotomi
in the club room.
We just thought it would be
nice if you spent time with
us for once.
[Ryou] Um, if it's too much
trouble, we don't want to
force you.
No, that's fine,
it's no trouble, really.
Oh good, I was worried.
By the way, you said
something interesting back
in the classroom.
[Tomoya] Me? Sunohara and Tomoyo
were the interesting ones.
I said "interesting,"
not "annoying".
Anyway, you said you don't
have a girlfriend, right?
I'm surprised. You gave me
the impression that you
were dating Nagisa.
Come on, Kyou.
What are you getting at here?
Oh, nothing. You'll just have
to wait and see.
Ah!
[Youhei] Did Mei really say she
was going to come watch the
basketball game?
Yep, she may not talk about it
much, but I can tell she's
really worried about you.
You think so? She didn't even
bother to stop by and see
me today.
She probably couldn't care
less about her big brother.
[Tomoya] What? Are you sulking
because she's ignoring you?
[Youhei] I bet she just came
to go sightseeing or whatever.
Ever since we were little,
she's always loved the city.
[Tomoya] I wouldn't really
call this the city.
Yeah, but compared to
my hometown, this place
is a big deal.
Well, whatever. Beats having
her tagging along all the
time, right?
[laughing]
Give me a break. It's obvious
that you miss her.
[knocking]
Huh?
[Mei] Hi there!
Speak of the Devil.
That girl, what does she want,
coming to harass
me all the time?
Oh, hi Okazaki.
I thought I'd find you here.
[Tomoya] Who, me?
[Mei] Yep!
Sanae and Akio wanted to invite
you over for dinner tonight,
so they asked me to hunt you
down and pass the message along.
[Mei] Oh, and Youhei...
[Youhei] Oh, yeah, what's up?
[Mei] This takes up too much
space, so I'm going to leave
it here, okay? See ya'!
Gyah!
This is too much! Too much!
Right! Now, we're going
to win this game! Got it?
[Tomoya] You're fired up
all of a sudden.
[Youhei] Did something happen?
Someone from the basketball
team said something rude to her.
so, I think she's looking
for revenge now.
Yep! He said I was "...degrading
myself by teaming up with
a bunch of low-lives,"
or something like that.
God, that pisses me off!
Tomoya, is it a foul to slam
the ball into someone's face?
[Tomoya] Oh, uh, yeah,
I'm afraid so.
[Kyou] Tch.
[Kotomi] Kyou's really
intense today, isn't she?
We'll never hear the
end of this if we lose.
I'm starting to think we picked
the wrong person after all.
Um... Just make sure you don't
get hurt out there, okay?
Don't worry about it.
I'll be fine.
[student] I don't get it. Why is
the basketball team playing the
Drama Club?
Who knows, but it might
be fun to watch.
I don't get it. Why do we have
to watch a basketball game, Rie?
I don't care what Sunohara told
you, even if they win,
it still has nothing
to do with us.
I suppose it doesn't. But
Sunohara insisted we come
no matter what.
What grade are you in?
They're all freshmen, of course.
What? You mean we're playing
a bunch of rookies?
What did you expect?
Wouldn't be much of a game
if you played our A Team.
We'll see how long that
confidence of yours holds up.
The game will be played 3-on-3
for twenty minutes.
There will be no timeouts.
All other basketball
rules apply. Got it?
Oogami's your advisor, right?
If he finds out about this,
there's going to be hell to pay.
It's worth the risk
to see you play again.
[Mei] Um, Nagisa?
What's up? Is something wrong?
Are you sure it's okay
for me to be at your school?
I'm sure it's fine.
And even if it's not,
I doubt anyone will notice since
they'll all be focusing on the
basketball game.
Sorry, I don't think
I caught your name.
I'm Youhei Sunohara's
younger sister, Mei.
Thanks for being friends
with my bro.
Oh! Uh, sure.
It's nothing, really.
My name is Kotomi,
it's nice to meet you.
Hey guys, you might want to
watch. It looks like the game's
starting now.
[whistle]
Damn he's fast!
[Tomoya] Sunohara!
[Youhei] Kyou!
[Kyou] All right!
[boys] Eh...
[cheering]
[Tomoya] Nice shot!
[Youhei] She has lots
of practice
from throwing all those
dictionaries at me every day.
Come on, flip the
scoreboard already.
Oh, right!
[Ryou] Wait, that was
worth three points?
Normally a shot is only
worth two points,
but if a player makes it
from more than 20 feet away,
it's worth three points.
I guess I don't know much
about basketball.
That... That was luck.
Dammit, I can't shake her off!
Come on!
Tch!
[Tomoya] Sunohara!
[Youhei] Kyou!
All right!
[Youhei] Nice shot, Kyou!
In that case...
We'll just have to keep
her covered!
You think I wasn't
expecting that?
Sunohara, here!
Come on, shoot! I dare you!
Hmph.
Huh?
[Youhei] Alright!
[Tomoya] Nice, Sunohara!
[cheering]
[captain] Come on, wake up!
You guys can't hold back
against them.
[captain] Show them what
you're made of.
[boys] Uh... right!
[Tomoya] At this rate,
he'll probably bring in
the regular members soon.
If we want to win this,
we'll have to get a big
lead before then.
Hn!
[cheering]
Ah!
There!
Aw...
[Tomoya] Stay cool.
[both] Right!
[Harada] They're really great.
I can't believe it.
[Youhei] Come on, let's go!
[Rie] And they're playing the
basketball team, too.
[Youhei] Yo! Pass!
[Tomoya] Kyou!
[Kyou] Thanks, Tomoya!
[Tomoya] Okay, now!
[Youhei] Kyou, shoot!
Ah!
Yes!
[loud cheering]
Who are they?
Don't ask me why,
but for some reason
I'm really popular with
the underclassmen girls.
[Kyou] Youhei, over here.
[captain] Okazaki still can't
raise his right arm
[captain] much higher than
his shoulder.
[Youhei] Take it, Kyou!
He can still make lay-ups
from the left side of the court,
but if you keep an eye
out for that,
he shouldn't be a real problem.
Just make sure to keep the
pressure on Sunohara
and Fujibayashi
so that they don't have any
room to take a good shot
at the basket.
Alright!
[cheering]
[captain] Changing players.
All freshmen, off the court.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it,
just leave it to us.
Looks like they're breaking
out the big guns now.
Good, that's what
I was waiting for.
You gonna make it?
You don't look so good.
What, are you kidding? I'm just
now getting warmed up.
[Nagisa] Five more minutes...
Up by eleven points...
Dammit!
Stop right there!
Gyah!
Argh, come on!
[student a] They're catching
up fast!
[student b] Guess they can't
stand up to the real players.
[Mei] How much more time
do they have left?
[Tomoya] Sunohara,
don't force it.
[Nagisa] About one minute and
twenty seconds to go.
[Youhei] Dammit!
[Tomoya] Watch your defense!
[Kotomi] They're about to
catch up.
[Mei] It's a one
point difference.
[Ryou] Sunohara's
out of breath!
[Kotomi] They've taken the lead!
Only twenty seconds left!
Come on, guys, you can do it!
[Tomoya] Ug, I can't keep
this up. I'm running on empty.
Come to think of it,
why am I trying so hard anyway?
Nice pass!
[Tomoya] Here goes nothing!
Not so fast!
[Tomoya] Who am I kidding?
We can't win this.
These guys practice every day.
And what about me?
I spent the last two years
wasting my life away.
I knew how this was
going to end.
This is stupid...
I shouldn't have
agreed to this.
It just makes me
feel miserable.
So miserable...
Okazaki, shoot the ball!
[Tomoya] But still...
Now there's a place that
even someone like me wants
to fight for!
[whistle]
[cheering]
[sigh]
Yay!
Wow, that was really amazing!
T-They did it.
I can't believe they really won.
[Oogami] Hey!
What the hell's going
on in here?
Eep! It's Oogami.
[Tomoya] Run for it!
[captain] Hey!
You had that look in your eye.
Maybe you can still
play after all.
Are you kidding me?
Thanks for taking care of me.
I had a great time!
I wish you could've
stayed longer.
I hate to see you go.
Mom and Dad said you're
welcome any time,
so please come visit
us again, okay?
Your big brother was pretty cool
out there today, huh?
Well... you were kind of running
out of steam at the end there.
Gyuh!
But, yeah, you were pretty cool!
Y-Yeah!
[giggling]
[Mei] I'm sorry I had to leave
so quickly this time,
but I hope I can come back for
a longer visit sometime soon.
See you later.
Be careful going home.
'Kay!
[giggle]
There she goes.
Time sure flies, huh?
It's all right.
You'll see her again, soon.
She said she wanted to come
back, didn't she?
[Youhei] I wonder if the Choir
Club will really hand over
Mr. Koumura after all?
[Tomoya] Well, whatever
happens happens.
[Nagisa] So, ready to go?
Kyou and the others
planned a party
in celebration of your win over
the basketball team.
[Youhei] Really? Where?
[Tomoya] In your room.
[Youhei] Why is it in my room?
[Nagisa] You mean nobody
told you about it?
[Youhei] Nobody said a thing!
[Tomoya] The future?
[Kyou] Yeah, like what are you
planning to do after graduation?
[Kyou] Oh, come on.
You're kidding me, right?
You're a senior and you haven't
even thought about this?
[Tomoya] Come back to me later.
What about you two?
[Kyou] It might sound strange,
but I was thinking of becoming
a kindergarten teacher.
[Ryou] As for me, I was
considering nursing school.
[Tomoya] Hmm.